Fix progress bar widgets when multiple windows are open (#22399)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#22222] Staff list may remain invalid when changing tabs.
- Fix: [#22265] Button for switching covered tracks on slides doesn’t stay pressed.
- Fix: [#22284] Unrated rides cause high amount of nausea.

> - Fix: [#22292] Progress bar not updating correctly with multiple windows open.

Reviewer: Could you specify this is about _widgets_ in guest and ride windows?

Author: Will do

> - Fix: [#22292] Progress bar in guest stats widget and ride maintenance widget not updating correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#22292] Progress bar widgets in guest and ride windows are not updating correctly.
```
